Exposure signal docs (#150)
mozilla/experimenter-docs: docs/jetstream/configuration.md

[metrics.urlbar_amazon_search_count.statistics.bootstrap_mean]
[metrics.urlbar_amazon_search_count.statistics.deciles]
```

### Defining Exposure Signals

Many Nimbus features will send a [Nimbus exposure event] automatically when the feature configuration is consulted;
these are `normandy#expose` events on desktop and `nimbus_events.exposure` events in Glean.
However, it is also possible to define custom exposure events:

```toml
[experiment.exposure_signal]
name = "nimbus"
friendly_name = "Nimbus exposure signal"
description = "Nimbus desktop feature exposure signal"
data_source = "events_unnested"
select_expression = "
   event_category = 'normandy'
   AND event_method = 'expose'
   AND event_object = 'nimbus_experiment'
   AND event_string_value = 'experiment-slug'
   AND normalized_channel = 'release'

> "

Reviewer: Not a documentation issue, but this might be a little confusing because it's a `WHERE` / filter clause, not a `SELECT` clause.

Author: True, that does seem confusing. I opened https://github.com/mozilla/jetstream/issues/962 for changing this to `where_expression`

window_start = 0                    # optional
window_end = "analysis_window_end"  # optional

> [data_sources.events_unnested]

Reviewer: Just curious why this is needed. Events isn't one of the predefined data sources?

Author: Yep, this is redundant. Removed and using existing `events` instead

from_expression = """(
  SELECT
    *
  FROM
    `moz-fx-data-shared-prod.telemetry.events`
)"""
```

> `select_expression` defines the condition for when an exposure happens. Exposure signals can use predefined or custom `data_sources`. `window_start` and `window_end` are optional parameters that specify the date range when clients are checked for exposure.
> The parameters are representing the number of days before or after the first enrollment date. There are some additional custom values that can be used:
> * `enrollment_start`: equal to using `0`
> * `enrollment_end`: equal to the enrollment period length in days
> * `analysis_window_start`: to use the start of the current analysis window
> * `analysis_window_end`: to use the end of the current analysis window
> * some integer: to specify the window with a custom value
> * if parameters are not specified: default to `enrollment_start` and `enrollment_end`

Reviewer: Small edits for clarity

```suggestion
* `select_expression`: Defines the condition for when an exposure happens. 
* `data_source`: Specifies the dataset on which to apply the `select_expression`. Can use [predefined](https://mozilla.github.io/mozanalysis/api/metrics.html#mozanalysis.metrics.DataSource) or custom data sources. 
* `window_start` and `window_end`: Optional parameters that specify the date range when clients are checked for exposure. Defaults to `window_start = 'enrollment_start'` and `window_end = 'enrollment_end'`. Other valid values include:
    * Any positive integer: The number of days after the first enrollment date. 
    * Any negative integer: The number of days before the first enrollment date. 
    * `enrollment_start`: Equivalent to using `0`
    * `enrollment_end`: Equivalent to using the enrollment period length in days
    * `analysis_window_start`: The start of the current analysis window
    * `analysis_window_end`: The end of the current analysis window
```

> Metrics based on clients that have seen the exposure signal are only computed for those that specify `enrollments` as one of their `analysis_bases`:

Reviewer: Just double checking that this is correct. Should it say "only computed for those that specify `enrollments`" or "only computed for those that specify `exposures`"?

Author: whoops, good catch. It should be `exposures`.
